'embarrassing selection of food here. hamburger, hotdog, chicken tenders, corn dog, nachos. i expect high prices at a game, but for a new stadium to have a complete lack of original and good food is unacceptable. lines were crazy long (probably due to lack of choices for food). spent an inning waiting to get an ice cream. no good restaurants or clubs inside? really terrible amenities for a brand new stadium. even bathroom lines were long. how did they not put enough bathrooms in to accommodate a crowd?\nseats are tiny and there are way too many seats per row between aisles. if you are in the middle you are having to walk past 10-15 people just to get up. if you are in one of the middle seats in the row, good luck if you have to go to the bathroom. ended up not even going back to my seat after getting food because i didn\'t want to bother everyone again. paid for more expensive seats, i expected less people per row and easier access in and out of my seat.\nalso,with the roof closed, it is loud inside. i\'ve been to dozens of baseball games in many stadiums (including playoff and world series) and this is the loudest i\'ve ever heard a stadium. the crowd wasn\'t overly boisterous or anything, it\'s just bad acoustics in the stadium. i like the idea of indoor baseball during the heat of the summer but the need a way to deaden the sound somehow.\noverall, it was lovely to see a baseball game in person with a big crowd. but this stadium is terrible in almost every way. weak food choices, no amenities, close seats even seem far away, bad acoustics and not enough staff to accomodate an average crowd. i would think this stadium was from the 90s with it\'s weak fan experience.\nnot expressed with the new ball park, it was 78 outside and they had the roof closed and the ac on. the only place to smoke if your a smoker is on the north side, so if your on the top level on the south side you have to go downstairs to the ground floor and walk around. i personally think they should move back to the old ballpark it is more like what baseball should be open air..\nwe arrived at 12:15 for a 1:10 game and found our seats pretty easily. my husband saw you could order food with the app and have it brought to you, but it wasn’t available in our area, so he and our two older kids went to grab food. they were gone so long they missed the whole first inning. it was $1 hot dog night but they limited them to 5. our family has 6, so he had to make another trip for food. he was gone another 25-30 minutes. the hot dogs weren’t even that good. my two smaller kids got restless so i took them to walk around and noticed there were no tv screens in the concourse to see what was going on down on the field. i saw one family bathroom which was occupied, but there were seemingly no large stalls within the bathroom so the three of us crammed in one stall. there are no mirrors over the sinks (which ironically were blocked off every other one for social distancing yet i had other people sitting on all sides of me), and the one trash can was at the bathroom entrance instead of the exit. however, it was nice to see a nursing room. with the lack of big name players, it felt like a minor league game with a major league price. overall i wasn’t impressed. it just didn’t have the same excitement as glp or at&t stadium and the turf looks cheap.\nbeautiful park but the concession lines are a fn joke! missed three innings waiting for a hot dog. arrived early and missed the 1st inning trying to get a beer. doesn’t matter what level or what the food or drink is, lines are backed up to the stands or into shops. horrible!\nfirst game of the season for my sons birthday, purchased tickets from seat geek like\nmost people. section 133 behind the bull pen, got to our seat to find plexi glass in our view. went to 2 guest service offices and ticket exchange. i was told because we purchased through a 3rd party they can not move us. it’s my kids birthday. he brought his glove to catch a ball. you could move us but chose not too. super disappointed. takes away from the experience.\ntheir mlb app says each parking lot has an address in google. those google directions to lot d took us right to the entrance of the old ballpark and said we were at lot d.  missed first inning figuring out where the real entrance was.\ninside stadium is soulless. as inspired as a newly built public school cafeteria. over the top suites dominating home plate were a turn off for me.  been going to games with season tickets since the old old ballpark. i guess we can only be grateful for what we had.\nthe metal cups they are using for the mixed drinks hurt my hand it was so cold/poorly insulated.  i couldn’t make it back to my seat without returning to wrap it up in napkins.\nbetter ballpark across the street.  where is all the specialty foods?  the new park is clean.\nby far the worst experience i’ve had at a rangers game. to begin, the parking situation was terrible. most lots were either pre paid lots or season ticket holder lots. there were 2 or 3 lots that were completely empty that y’all could have used. secondly, the lines inside the stadium were outrageous. there needs to be more vendors or more workers! also there are no monitors to watch the game while you’re standing in the long lines for 2 innings. thirdly, the prices are freaking ridiculous. i miss the old ballpark. things just aren’t the same. i most likely won’t be back for a while.\npurchased $55 all you can eat tickets for our family of 4. we got to the food area one hour after the gates opened and the hotdogs were cold, hotdog buns were hard, nacho chips were totally stale, hamburgers were cold, hamburger buns were hard, popcorn was stale, they were out of ice and the dr. pepper was flat. got to our seats, tried everything and then threw it in the trash. it was so bad!  not sure how everything was stale/cold/hard/out one hour after the gates opened.  spent another $150 rebuying all of the food/drinks we were supposed to get with our tickets.  never, ever again!  don’t waste your money.\nmyself, i thought the venue was subpar at best. nothing compares to the original globe life park at arlington. in my opinion, rangers are downgrading. give and take, they have a dome and weather will not be permitting their games. their concessions stands were horrible, and ran out of food before 10pm. they were serving only chips and candy and three day old ice cream. the rangers deserve better.\nsmh...doesnt even have a center field seats. real disappointment. nothing was wrong with the last park.\ni did not hate this place i was most impressed. i had my first covid vaccine. very organized. maybe 1 hr in all.\npaid $55.00 all you can eat food was trouble very sorry we were so disappointed won\'t eat there again!!! not like it was before the other stadium was a 10* score.\nterrible - you are basically in a glass cylinder with no natural horizontal air flow.  watched the nlcs here and it felt like sitting in a glass can even with the roof open. you can see the clean crisp fall air but you are inside the glass and steel.  it’s a shame.\ngreat stadium.  had it rained we would have been kept dry.    the negative was the traffic.\nnot sure what it\'s like in person, but this has got to be one of the worst tv viewing experiences in all of mlb. very dark, bad camera angles, patchy turf. i can\'t imagine having to squint at 81 of these televised games.\nthis is the worse place i have ever been to frist was insulted by the gaurds at the gate grabbed by the ticket scaner concessions you\'re rude and didn\'t want to take my payment unless i tips them\nold stadium was so much better. and the price of food and beer at the new one was sooooooo outrages. $11 for one beer? really??? and a dome with the roof open????? huh???\nall the new rules are trash, you will not want to come back after your first visit. i\'ve been twice already and it\'s been super annoying both times\nincomodo, los descansabrazos vienen en curva y eso causa mucha incomodidad. los portavasos estan en los asientos de enfrente y quedan en el suelo, te tienes que agachar cada vez que vas a tomar tu bebida. la seccion del buffete para los tickets " all you can eat" esta muy lejos y sin visibilidad al terreno de juego. no vale la pena comprar este tipo de boletos.\nsoulless, uninspired throughout, and downright ugly exterior. hope they open the old place back up in 20 years and this is just a bad memory.\nhour long lines and zero management presence\ndoes not hold a candle to the old park. food is extremely sub-par too. i wouldve rather sat in the heat.\ni don\'t really know because i was there to get the pfizer vaccine but i did take some pictures of what i could see of the failed there it was enormous and quite fantastic looking i hope someday that i can afford to get my great grandson\'s and their daddy to go there it\'s quite expensive now the right has gone up to $109 per person and with me living on fixed income i don\'t know where i would to get that kind of money not at this time in my life that it was quite beautiful\nthe stadium is nice, but the food service is horrible, long lines, slow service, and quite expensive, been in line for 35 minutes and it’s so slowwwwww.!\nextremely boring place to watch a game. lame\nthis is without a doubt the ugliest ballpark or stadium built in recent history.\nsucked like the old park better\nthe roof was open when it was 88 degrees, isn\'t that supposed to be the entire reason they built a new stadium\nbaseball is an outdoor sport.  play it outside!\ncame for a high school football game. the "gentleman" at the gate was rude. his name was alan. he seemed to be on a power trip. we followed the rules according to the website. he had his own rules. we told him what the website said. his response was no it didn\'t.\nit\'s a modern, bigger, more comfortable, yet less charming -- and in my opinion, unnecessary -- version of the old place.\nit\'s both intimate and big at the same time. there\'s good and bad in that assessment. it feels cozy, especially if you\'re in the lower bowl, but the tradeoff was going straight up. if you have a fear of heights, this is not the park for you. five levels up makes for a great view of a hockey game -- but not for baseball. the video scoreboard screams texas big and is easier to watch from up high than the live action.\nmy favorite part is the fence height: 8 feet is perfect. my least favorite part is that it doesn\'t feel intimate. a local reporter made this point to me, and it\'s so true: where are the areas where kids can get close enough to the field to ask for autographs during batting practice? they don\'t seem to exist.\nfavorite: walking in from the outfield entrance, which is adjacent to the texas live! entertainment district, is pretty cool. you land on the outfield concourse and get an unfettered view of this massive structure. i\'ve heard several people coming through the door for the first time say some derivation of, "it\'s so huge!" least favorite: i mean, from above, the place looks like what would happen if a costco and a barn had a baby.\nit plays big. or at least more normal than the rangers\' old park. least favorite is the dome itself. ok, it\'s cool when it opens and closes, but this is texas. besides the occasional storm, what\'s the need for a dome? i like the conditions playing a part in the action.\nmost of us have seen globe life field only on tv. what\'s something we might not realize from watching the game broadcasts?\na couple of things stood out to me. one is that the concourses are really wide, and the brick arches within them are a very nice touch. the other is that the roof is unquestionably impressive, both in how seamlessly it opens and closes and in the transparent material used so that it doesn\'t necessarily feel like a dome. i wish i could fully evaluate the food, but the offerings seem limited because of the pandemic.\nthe video board in right field is incredibly impressive in both size and information. the vertical and horizontal spin of every pitch thrown and the exit velocity of every batted ball are displayed immediately. i also dig the outfield fence with different nooks and crannies. one of my favorite parts -- though rangers hitters might disagree -- is the size of the field and how, unlike its predecessor, it facilitates balls in play and action.\nafter watching the games on tv and then coming here for the world series, it actually looks bigger on tv, in my opinion. i know that sounds strange, but it felt more expansive before i got here.\ni have made the point that it looks like a blown-up version of the garden section at lowe\'s, and i\'m sticking to that.\nblimp shots do it no service. but from the ground ... it looks similar to other parks. there are large, brick columns and glass-walled foyers. whereas most have a round footprint, globe life\'s is rectangular.\nwhat makes it better -- and what it makes worse -- than the, ahem, \'old\' ballpark (globe life park, the rangers\' home from 1994 to 2019) across the street?\ngonzalez: well, what\'s better is that it has a roof. isn\'t that the whole point of this? believe me -- as a former beat writer covering an american league west team, i have spent many warm summer afternoons in arlington pondering my existence in this universe. i welcome the possibility of air-conditioning. but i truly liked that old place -- the arched windows, the roofed home run porch in right, the lawn in center where fans used to wrestle for home run balls. the old place had a retro look that was unique. this new place is just, well, corporate.\noverrated. seats with obstructed views, but they don\'t tell you about them when you\'re purchasing the tickets.\nfood was awful. i know they weren\'t on their a game because of covid, but how can you screw up a hot dog?\nwhat a waste of money. should have put roof on old stadium\nthe ordering process for online tickets is not very good.  been on hold for over 20 minutes.  when i click on the chat button, it opens another window at the same screen.\nhorrible!! just doesn\'t compare to glp.  the audio is ridiculously to loud.  on field suites ruins it.. not a fan!!\n'
